top of page Real Estate Solutions Company About us Careers Knowledge Centre More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Get Started The Future-Ready CRM for Smarter Business Conversions Skyrocket your business with Data Driven, Automated and Result Oriented CRM Solutions! 360Enrich helped us implement clear sales processes in one system. Our marketing and sales efforts and spends are now more focused on the right buyers. 360Enrich helps our team to measure activities and use data to drive bookings Nishit Atal Director, ABH Developers 360Enrich // Solutions for Real Estate AI Powered Data Solutions for Real Estate Sales & Marketing Know More 360Enrich CRM Simplifying Business Growth for You All Your Business Processes Streamlined Under One Platform Easy to Use Experience simplicity with a platform designed for effortless navigation. Effortless Adoption Ensure quick 100% adoption and seamless integration with an intuitive CRM solution. Data Centric Drive growth with data-driven solutions and insights that power your business. Trusted by 100+ Leading Businesses all over the world

---

top of page Real Estate Solutions Company About us Careers Knowledge Centre More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Get Started 360Enrich // About Us: Your Data Intelligence Partner for Real Estate Business Growth A Direct-to-Business offering, 360Enrich is a data backbone to enable businesses to establish a fast and true connection with their leads. 75 Cr+ Data Points Processed 8000+ Platform Users 60+ Clients 100% User Adoption Rate 9+ Years of Expertise 99% Uptime Assurance Data-Driven, People-Focused. Founded in 2016 under the umbrella of CardInbox Technologies Pvt Ltd, 360Enrich has grown from a data intelligence startup into a trusted name in CRM automation, implementation, and campaign analytics. At 360Enrich, we are committed to empowering leaders and their teams with tools that turn raw data into growth. As a company, we believe that technology is only as powerful as its usability, and our mission is to deliver solutions that are both intelligent and intuitive. Looking Ahead As the industry landscape evolves, so are we. We’re actively investing in AI, data science, and integration technologies that will define the next generation of real estate platforms. Because at 360Enrich, we don’t follow trends, we walk hand-in hand. What We Believe In Data Integrity & Privacy We follow strict data governance protocols, enterprise-grade encryption, access controls & compliances to protect data uphold client trust. Hands-On Collaboration Our teams work closely with every client & with leadership actively engaged, from understanding the business context to solution success. Customer-First Ethos Every design decision, deployment, or support interaction centers on delivering measurable value for businesses and their teams. Purpose-Driven Approach We are guided by a long-term vision and a clear purpose to create meaningful, reliable, and scalable solutions that serve real world needs. Craftsmanship in Technology We design our products with care, focusing on usability and ongoing improvement to deliver reliable, efficient solutions. Our People & Leadership Led by co-founders and seasoned experts in data, product, and real estate, backed by an advisory council comprising senior executives with deep domain expertise Nachiketa Parab Co-Founder & CEO Rishabh Nagwekkar Co-Founder & Business Head Nilesh Awari Vice President - Product Soham Parmar Vice President - Sales & Marketing Our Advisory Board Geet Lulla Senior Advisor - Anchorage Capital (ex-Comscore, Nielsen, Oracle, SAP, IBM, Experian, Honeywell, KPMG) Ramakrishnan R Chief Delivery Officer - BluWis (ex-Oracle, IBM, SAP, Tech Mahindra, Tata Steel) Shyamal Swali CEO - Pi Techniques (Software & Web Development, IT infrastructure & Support services) Life at 360Enrich We’re a young, cross-functional team driven by ownership, experimentation, and real-world impact. Whether remote or in-office, we foster a work culture where ideas are valued, talent is nurtured, and client success is celebrated. Join Us on the Journey Whether you are exploring a technology partnership or careers in real estate tech, let’s start the conversation. With 360Enrich, your next chapter in data-driven growth begins here. Careers Get Started Let your data do the work for you. Get the most out of your lead data with 360Enrich Submit Thanks for submitting! Quick Links: Solutions for Real Estate > About Us // Careers // Contact Us // Knowledge Centre Follow Us On: Privacy Policy // Terms Of Service © 2026 by CardInbox Technologies Pvt Ltd. +91 9152000124 | sales@360enrich.com All product and company names are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them bottom of page