Services Why A3 Mediacom Contact us Case Studies Case Studies Personal Care Apparel Gifting D2C eBook Your Revenue Partner for Building & Scaling Digital-First Brands. We combine strategy, performance, and creative to scale revenue above 1 cr+ across D2C, marketplaces, and quick commerce. Your Revenue Partner for Building & Scaling Digital-First Brands. Ads Spend Last 12 Months $3.3m+ Average ROAS 3.01X Revenue Last 12 Months $10m+ Why A3 Mediacom? Strong Leadership & Team The leadership team comprises seasoned professionals from esteemed institutions like MICA and IIMs, with 9+ years of experience in growth marketing. They prioritize clients and bring solid business expertise to the table. 360 Degree Growth Stack Get Complete Growth & Analytics Solutions, from Website Creation to Marketing to AI-Driven Reporting. Transparent Communication and Reporting Get Holistic Business-level Reporting that will keep you always on your toes. Additionally, the team is always available to answer any query 24/7. Core Services Performance & Brand Marketing Get Max performance out of your Meta & Google spends Performance Creative High Performing Statics, Carousels & Videos Marketplaces End to end marketplace solution for high Scalability Retention Marketing & CRO Tailored Retention Marketing strategies that fit your brand Contact Us Submit Call us or drop a Whatsapp message at +91 8384052488 for inquiries and assistance Reach out to us via email at anubhav@a3mediacom.in aditya@a3mediacom.in High Performing Ads This Yoga athleisure brand continues to push the boundaries of innovation, the future of yoga athleisure has never looked brighter. With steadfast dedication, we are poised to deepen the practice with creativity & style Run Time - 38 Days Revenue- 45.5L ROAS- 3.2x With innovative creative ideas by A3 Mediacom the team got inspired to break free from its usual routines when it comes to expanding, scaling & exploring new horizons. Run Time - 40 Days Revenue- 35L ROAS- 3x Artist approved merch. REAL DEMAND.
In a space filled with generic merch, We built something people actually connect with.
Not just products — culture you can wear.
Backed by authentic storytelling, sharp communication, and a product that stands for more than just fashion.
From scroll to purchase — We turned intent into scale. Run Time - 45 Days Revenue - 15L ROAS - 2.3x From precise brand planning to a transformative photoshoot that reshaped our creative direction, we witnessed Fab Oil's evolution propelled by the impressive results of our targeted marketing efforts. Run Time- 37 days Revenue- 25L ROAS- 2.7x The product concept, i.e plant based fabric was unlike anything seen in the athleisure industry, prompting us to abandon conventional sales approaches and instead focus on leveraging our strengths. Run Time- 55 days Revenue- 36.5L ROAS- 3.6x We’ve been partnering with yamyoga for a long time, consistently driving growth and performance. This month, we introduced a fresh set of high-converting UGC creatives to further enhance results and scale the brand. The new creative direction has already shown strong traction, helping us improve efficiency while maintaining profitability. Revenue- 36L ROAS- 4.5x Our Results Speak for Ourselves They delivered strong results with close to 80% improvement in our repeat customer rate. They also helped us streamline our website flows & helped improve our conversion rates. The best part about the team has been their dedication & ownership towards work. They work very closely, almost acting like an extended internal team. This helps especially at an early stage brand like us, where more hands on approach is needed rather than a templated service that big agencies provide. We would definitely recommend their services to businesses seeking solutions for customer retention strategies. Shashank Tibrewal ( Co-Founder, Typsy Beauty ) It is challenging to find trustworthy performance marketers as there are plenty, and it's easy to get deceived by the sophisticated presentation and popular client list. We found the A3 team members very well-experienced in all marketing channels. They are virtually available round the clock. So If you have clear goals and need a reliable team to work with, they can be completely trusted. We always enjoy working with them as they get results and help improve performance from many spheres of business. Sagar Mehta ( Co-Founder, Vegan Dukan ) Team's deep understanding of performance and retention marketing has propelled our brand to new heights. With their strategic guidance and expertise, we've witnessed 200% growth in revenue in the span of 6 months. Their dedication, creativity, and unwavering support have been instrumental in driving our brand's growth and success. Aman ( Head of Revenue, Innovist ) Choosing A3 Mediacom to drive our marketing efforts has been a game-changer for our customized gifting brand. Their expertise in scaling brands from 0 to 1 is extremely extraordinary. From crafting personalized campaigns to optimizing our customer journey, their team has consistently delivered exceptional results. Thanks to their strategic approach, we've seen 50-80% profitable growth on a monthly basis for our brand. Siddhant Jain ( Co-Founder Creative Corner by Vidisha & Beyondgiftss ) Brands that we've worked with Case Studies Journey from 0 to $1m+ Niche : Gifting $50k to $1m ARR Niche : Apparel Increased Revenue growth by 30% MOM Niche : Personal Care Team that will help you grow The leadership team comprises seasoned Digital Strategists, Brand Consultants, Data analysts, Creative Strategists from esteemed institutions like MICA and IIMs, with 9+ years of experience in growth marketing. They prioritize clients and bring solid business expertise to the table. Anubhav Mehta Growth & Retention An IIM alumni with 5+ yrs of experience Aditya Jain Performance & Creatives A MICA alumni with 6+ yrs of experience Smooth Onboarding Process (1) Initial Consultation The process begins with an initial consultation to understand the brand objective, Vision & scope of improvement (2) Account Audit We process detailed Ad account audits. This involves analyzing their current marketing strategies, understanding their target audience, creatives, identifying KPIs, and assessing their competitors. (3) Media Plan & Proposal Submission A Tailored Media growth plan outlining the strategies & outcome. The proposal includes a breakdown of services, timelines, deliverables, and pricing. (4) Agreement & Contract Once the client approves the proposal, we proceed to finalize the contract and agreement. This document outlines the terms and conditions of our partnership, including scope of work, payment terms, confidentiality agreements, and any other relevant details. Schedule A Call With Our Team Understand brand and business goals Quick intro and solutioning Next steps Contact anubhav@a3mediacom.in aditya@a3mediacom.in +918384052488 Address 262, 1st floor, Westend Marg, near saket metro station, Butterfly Park, Saiyad Ul Ajaib Extension, Sainik Farm, New Delhi, Delhi 110030 802 saeed tower 1, NBD Emirates building, sheikh zayed road, Dubai Services Why A3 Mediacom Contact us Case Study Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Refund Policy