inquire journal weddings experience about home instagram facebook tiktok press Home press About Experience Weddings Journal Inquire Home press About Experience Weddings Journal Inquire A Charming Fête masterfully designs and produces refined, visionary weddings and legacy celebrations both abroad and at home Founded in 2011 named best planner by CLEVELAND WEDDING PLANNER DESTINATION WEDDING PLANNER lake como wedding for z + m sarasota wedding FOR T+D Your browser does not support the video tag. explore all weddings palm springs wedding for B+L shaker heights wedding for C+N Your browser does not support the video tag. miami wedding for A+r cleveland wedding for P+A Your browser does not support the video tag. PREV NEXT explore all weddings Our passion is seeing a curated event come to fruition and playing a part in creating legacy moments for our clientele. This in itself is why we do what we do. our team "Hands-down the best decision we made. Every single detail was flawlessly executed" - bride "We are left speechless, enamored, and overjoyed with the perfection of our wedding!" - bride "My family has not stopped raving about the wedding of the century they created." - mother of the bride "Their attention to detail, creativity, and warmth made our wedding unforgettable; they became like family." - bride view press Trusted by the Industry’s Best Cleveland, Ohio Wedding Planner, Destination Wedding Planner the charming fete experience Designed to Awe and Inspire stay a while and explore the experience Available for Destination Celebrations Worldwide inquire A Charming Fête is a destination wedding planning and design firm with offices based in Cleveland, Ohio and South Florida. home about experience weddings press ADDRESS 2035 Crocker #102 Westlake, Ohio 44145 EMAIL lisa@acharmingfete.com somer@acharmingfete.com inquire A Charming Fête masterfully designs and produces inspired, luxury weddings and events. Their team is available for destination celebrations worldwide homepage video by The Digital Team A Charming Fête ©2025 | Site Credits

---

inquire journal weddings experience about home instagram facebook tiktok press Home press About Experience Weddings Journal Inquire Home press About Experience Weddings Journal Inquire named best planner by We create beautiful, cohesive environments leaving guests wowed by a sumptuous , yet seemingly effortless experience. Somer Khouri Bedran and Lisa Costin meet our founders Since launching A Charming Fête in 2011, Somer and Lisa have worked side-by-side to grow their business into one of the top wedding planning firms in the country. They often refer to themselves as the “yin and yang,” as their different personalities and opposite areas of focus have brought a perfect harmony and balance to their partnership and greatly contributed to the success of their brand. Their passion is seeing a curated event come to fruition and playing a part in creating legacy moments for their clientele. This in itself is why they do what they do. Lisa operates as Creative Director of A Charming Fête, overseeing and managing the design aesthetic, art-direction and creative quality of events while maintaining the integrity and refined polish of the ACF brand. Lisa is a curator of beautiful experiences and legacy celebrations. Her passion and vision for curated event design, elevated guest experiences and crafted excellence are driving forces within the company. With a sharp attention to detail and a carefully trained eye, producing beautiful, authentic, cohesive environments is what she does best. Lisa has a Marketing degree and an MBA from John Carroll University. Lisa Costin Co-Founder With a global presence in the industry, Somer operates as Event Director of A Charming Fête, overseeing the planning and production of events, as well as client and vendor partner relations. Serving high profile clientele with concierge-level discretion is her specialty . Clients and guests can arrive and truly be hosted and cared for, with complete peace of mind. She is a master at crisis aversion and problem solving. No obstacle is too large as she routinely navigates effectively and effortlessly through any challenge. Somer has a Marketing degree from John Carroll University and she also studied at Virginia Marti College of Art and Design. Somer Khouri Bedran Co-Founder the Charming Fête team Our team artfully balances both the logistic and aesthetic elements for a seamless and unforgettable guest experience Chelsea Dettorre Senior Event Planner and Production Manager full bio Brynn Szorady Senior Event Designer full bio Roula El-Khoury Event Planner and Production Manager full bio May Chelala Event Planner full bio Valera Ghali Event Planner full bio Chelsea is a leader of the ACF team with nearly ten years of event management and wedding planning experience under her belt. She is well seasoned on all types of events and can manage the planning process and day-of production and coordination with grace and ease. She is a true go-getter, hardworking, loyal, supportive, creative and highly organized. Her energy keeps the momentum flowing forward for flawless event execution. No obstacle is too large. She has a Bachelor’s degree in Organizational Leadership from Cleveland State. When she is not working on events, she loves to read, craft, bowl and do outdoor activities. Chelsea Dettorre Senior Event Planner and Production Manager close Brynn’s distinctive creativity, keen eye for detail and relentless drive to design has led to her role as a senior event designer on the ACF team. Brynn provides the highest level of service by collaborating with clients on their vision to create that one-of-a-kind event. Brynn’s warm and outgoing personality along with her contagious smile is what makes the client experience personable and enjoyable. Event design has always been Brynn’s passion – whether it’s interior decorating, styling, editing, or creating festive holiday décor, Brynn draws inspiration from daily life and uses her unique flair to ensure that each design is set apart from the others. Brynn is also a very talented photographer by hobby and has captured many behind the scenes details from our events. She also contributes as a content creator and editor for social media. Brynn holds a bachelor’s degree in Public Relations and Marketing from The University of Akron. Brynn is a lifelong Clevelander, an avid sports fan and dog mom to her sweet golden retriever, Roo. Brynn Szorady Senior Event Designer close As a former design manager, Roula’s interest and love for interior design and architecture brings depth to our ACF team. During her time with ACF, Roula has successfully produced and executed many diverse events and cares deeply about creating a positive client experience. She is meticulous and organized with an incredible work ethic. Roula loves people and is passionate about serving clients and building lasting relationships. She truly enjoys what she does, producing events makes her heart smile. She loves transforming spaces and believes every occasion, no matter how big or small, is an opportunity to create something beautiful, unique and unforgettable. Roula graduated from Cleveland State University with BA in communications/public relations. Roula is culturally-savvy and speaks three languages. In her home life, Roula is a mother to two boys, they are her greatest pride and joy. Roula El-Khoury Event Planner and Production Manager close May joins our team with over 20 years of experience in the luxury hospitality and service industry. She has led our Southern Florida expansion and partnered with our creative team to create inspired, luxury events for clients throughout the South. Formerly of The Ritz-Carlton Company, May was honored by “The Greater Miami and The Beaches Hotel Association” for Hospitality Leadership Award in South of Florida. May leads with a passionate drive for excellence. Her commitment to honesty, integrity, loyalty and eye for detail contribute to her success in producing luxury, high-touch events with impeccable service. May Chelala Event Planner close Valera is an experienced attorney, graduating with a J.D. from Case Western Reserve University School of Law. She advocates for our clients to make their ideal event come to life by coordinating clear communication and execution with vendors. She has a meticulous attention to detail and sharp research skills, making any client request possible! She is an expert in contract review, translation and negotiation as well as a seasoned global traveler, most recently adding destination weddings in Lake Como to her specialty. In her spare time, Valera enjoys reading, attending musicals, and spending time with family and friends. Valera Ghali Event Planner close Alyse joined the team in 2020 as the Executive Assistant to Somer and Lisa. Previously, she held numerous managerial roles in the business community for 30+ years. She approaches all aspects of her role with a positive attitude and hard-working mindset. She is passionate about our clients and the success of our events. She is the friendly voice that will most likely greet you when you call the ACF office. Alyse enjoys spending time with family and friends, traveling, and golfing. Alyse Butts Executive Assistant close Bio Name Here Title Here close We've Earned Accolades and Been Recognized by the Industry's Top Publications view press Ready to Get Started? inquire View the Weddings our portfolio home about experience weddings press ADDRESS 2035 Crocker #102 Westlake, Ohio 44145 EMAIL lisa@acharmingfete.com somer@acharmingfete.com inquire A Charming Fête masterfully designs and produces inspired, luxury weddings and events. Their team is available for destination celebrations worldwide about page video by Jay and Mack A Charming Fête ©2025 | Site Credits